Update Upgrade doc for 1.18 (#36993)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

1.18 Upgrade Notes
------------------

> * ``cilium-dbg bpf policy`` will parse the cilium internal identity ``1`` correctly from ``reserved:unknown`` to ``ANY``.

Reviewer: The internal identity wasn't 1, it was `0`. Here's a slightly more user-centric way to phrase the change since I wouldn't expect users to know the internal identities anyway, what do you think?

```suggestion
* ``cilium-dbg bpf policy`` now prints ``ANY`` and not ``reserved:unknown`` for a bpf policy entry that allows any peer identity.
```

Author: yes. that's definitely better and thanks for pointing it out
